[#178] Add hints about plug-in stanza placement to README. (#179)
irods/irods_rule_engine_plugin_python: README.md

}
```

> Adding the Python Rule Engine Plugin stanza above the default "irods_rule_engine_plugin-irods_rule_language" stanza will allow any defined Python rules to take precedence over any similarly named rules in the iRODS Rule Language. Also, placing the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-python-instance" stanza before the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-cpp_default_policy-instance" stanza will insure that any default C++ policies will not cancel out any similarly named Python rules.

Reviewer: Let's omit the word "Also" and change "insure" to "ensure"
```suggestion
Adding the Python Rule Engine Plugin stanza above the default "irods_rule_engine_plugin-irods_rule_language" stanza will allow any defined Python rules to take precedence over any similarly named rules in the iRODS Rule Language. Placing the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-python-instance" stanza before the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-cpp_default_policy-instance" stanza will ensure that any default C++ policies will not cancel out any similarly named Python rules.
```

# Default PEPs

> The example `core.py.template` file in this repository contains a Python implementation of all static policy enforcement points (PEPs), equivalent to the default `core.re` rulebase. Again, placing the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-python-instance" stanza before the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-cpp_default_policy-instance" stanza in `/etc/irods/server_config.json` will insure that any default C++ policies will not cancel out any similarly named Python rules copied from the example `core.py.template` file.

Reviewer: Let's omit the word "Again" and change "insure" to "ensure":
```suggestion
The example `core.py.template` file in this repository contains a Python implementation of all static policy enforcement points (PEPs), equivalent to the default `core.re` rulebase. Placing the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-python-instance" stanza before the "irods_rule_engine_plugin-cpp_default_policy-instance" stanza in `/etc/irods/server_config.json` will ensure that any default C++ policies will not cancel out any similarly named Python rules copied from the example `core.py.template` file.
```
